---
layout: post
title: Data ingestion into Exhibit
description: "Data ingestion into Exhibit"
modified: 2013-11-02
category: articles
comments: true
author: Chandler
---

In order to feed data into [Exhibit](http://www.simile-widgets.org/exhibit/), a flexible data visualization tool, we need to follow Exhibit's JSON format convention where the array of entries are placed in side an item property:

{% highlight json %}
{
  "items":[ 
    { data goes here.. },
     ....,
    { data goes here.. }
    ] 
}
{% endhighlight %}

Wrapping open data into this specialized JSON format of json shouldn't be hard. In Python, `json.loads()` loads the data into a Python list. Then this list can be placed in a dict as the value of key "items" and the data can be output using `json.dumps()`. It is important to use `"ensure_ascii=False"` when using `json.dumps()` because we are dealing with internationalized data. 

As we used out various geographic datasets, we found inconsistencies in the naming for latitude, and longitude. For example: `Lat` and `lng` are been used in 臺北市公眾區免費無線上網熱點資料 whereas `GTag_latitude` and `GTag_longitude` are been used in 臺北市休閒城市公園.

To solve this problem, we created a Python script that uses python optparse so different names for latitude and longitude can be specified at the command line, and we can use this information to map the schema to a standardized schema.

We noticed that some data switched the value of latitude and longitude. So it is important to double check data values in datasets and if necessary fix them.

More important, we found there are different coordinate systems in use as some data uses `tw97`, specified by the Taiwanese government, whereas some data uses `wgs84`, which is standard used by GPS. Fortunately, we found some discussion about converting between various coordination. One [post proposed we can use proj](http://blog.changyy.org/2012/11/twd67-twd97-wgs84.html) to solve the problem. 

On OSX you can install proj via Brew:

{% highlight bash %}
brew install proj
{% endhighlight %}

And we can use this code in our Python script. That's it ! Here's the [final Python code](https://github.com/butlermh/YahooHackDay2013/blob/master/python_scripts/parse.py)
