---
layout: post
title: Data ingestion into Exhibit
description: "Data ingestion into Exhibit"
modified: 2013-11-02
category: articles
comments: true
author: Chandler
---

in order to feed data into exhibit, we need follow json format convention of exhibit like the following
{% highlight json %}
{
  "items":[ 
    { data goes here.. },
     ....,
    { data goes here.. }
    ]
}
{% endhighlight %}

So we need to wrap open data into that specialized format of json. This shouldn't be hard. Just use `json.loads()` to load open data into python dict and wrap it as the value of key "items" and dump changed data by `json.dumps()`. Beware use `"ensure_ascii=False"` while you use `json.dumps()`.

As we trying out various geographics data, we found out the inconsistency of naming for latitude, and longitude. For example: Lat and lng are been used in 臺北市公眾區免費無線上網熱點資料.  GTag_latitude and GTag_longitude are been used in 臺北市休閒城市公園.

 To solve this problem, instead we hard code those various naming,  we could use python optparse to dynamic process different naming of latitude and longitude.

And we noticed that there are some data switched the value of latitude and longitude. Be sure you double check the value of it.

Most important, we found there are different coordination like tw97, wgs84 within open data provided by Taipei government. Foutunay, there are some discussion about converting between various coordination.

According to this [post](http://blog.changyy.org/2012/11/twd67-twd97-wgs84.html) we can use proj to do it. All you need to do is install proj

    brew install proj

and here's the code to do the magic. That's it ! Here's the [final code](https://github.com/butlermh/YahooHackDay2013/blob/master/python_scripts/parse.py)
